Hello everyone, let's go today
try pork stew pork
Mikoyan price 149 rubles
seventh continent moscow
149 rubles is how much it turns out almost
5 bucks not too extinguished cool for
pork we'll see what i saw in
one of the previous
horizontal bars what I tried where I lay
a whole piece of meat and for sure there was a number
it was cool unexpected let's
let's see and all the seventh continent too
149 rubles, too, Mikoyan pork stew
don't you dare canned top grade so
here minus and nakleechka I flew
taped up
label hung thereby my
clarifying the q & a ticket hung a piece of scotch
glue
who are interested in reading what to give here
Let's start with this 149 rubles for pork
Of course it's cool but it seems like a piece of meat
for now let's open the second one
let's see what's in it here too
meat
the dog is already activating so let's
let 's see this here but one of the water and
you see that there is much more meat
You rather here are much less sorry here
here lived more and here than such
here is the gravy which meat I cooked
even try right now to take out a whole piece
we see in the jar left jelly this here
that is, some water in which was cooked
let's break
guys it is gorgeous it is gorgeous i am now
I do not remember when installing add how much
cost here is the stew if I do not lower
fighters honest product but guys you
look at this pieces of meat drawer broke
a whole piece of meat tastes and chic it
just a piece of meat it is just a dummy in
I have no words awesome this is chic
we take the second bank would be a little bit
hot and but if you noticed
I turned over there too with that
the sides are a little hot let's go right away
this fat is all skinny bush i
for some reason I feel that there will also be
a piece of meat to lie here I am excess Roger
let's take it all down and meat among
whole pieces of meat
but here it is canned food
it will be more salty which means of course
here, too, whole pieces of meat I want and
railing and believe me if was just
piece of meat
but there are a lot of fat, that is , 300 would
pay attention here this this here this
everything is filled with fat on the contrary
1 canned meat is pure meat
canned food is very tasty first though
slightly saltier than a helmet from this
even i'm on a level now that tastes
more tender that's more salty on
the taste is otherwise completely identical
well and of course here in less fat here
here is more fat here already
there is only some water in which was brewed
meat so that it seems to me now though
one thing and the other is mikoyana here it somehow
better than better stew just
fine and thank you all for your attention
how do you see such a pork thick pro